HACKING.md, before:


# Hacking on the source code

Recommended setup: create a venv directory, and activate it.

```
$ python3 -m venv env
$ . env/bin/activate
```

Then to install test dependencies and run pure Python tests:

```
$ python3 -m pip install -e ".[test]"
$ pytest pytwine tests
```

(Alternatively, `make test-python` should do all this and a bit more.)

##  Acceptance test prerequisites

The repository contains a number of Perl-based tests which install
and run pytwine in a temporary directory.

(Why Perl? It's a nicer "shell replacement" than either Powershell
or Python, and provides the original implementation of [TAP][tap],
the "Test Anything Protocol".)

[tap]: https://testanything.org/tap-specification.html

To run these tests, you'll need a version of Perl 5 installed, and the CPAN
libraries `Test::Harness` (which provides the `prove` command)
and `Carp::Assert`.

On Windows, if you have Chocolatey installed, you can install these with:

```
choco install strawberryperl
curl -L https://cpanmin.us | perl - --sudo App::cpanminus
cpanm Carp::Assert;
cpanm Test::Harness;
```

On Debian or Ubuntu, you probably have Perl installed already;
but you can install these with:

```
$ sudo apt-get install libcarp-assert-perl
```

Run the acceptance tests with

```
$ prove --verbose --comments t/*.t
```

(Alternatively, `make test-perl` will also run an appropriate
`prove` command, if you've got the prerequisites installed.)

## Getting help on `make` targets

Run

`make help`

## "out-of-source" tests

The Makefile should allow for "out-of-source" tests; you can `cd`
to some other directory, run `make -f /path/to/Makefile test`, and
it should still work. (Probably.)

Commit message:

Fix lack of /dev/{stdin,stdout} on windows, add runner-script for `prove`.
1.  Windows has no equivalent of /dev/stdin and /dev/stdout,
    so on the windows platform, we omit tests using those files.
2.  Perl's open2() functions doesn't seem to work as documented (either
    that, or I'm misunderstanding the (not great) API or docco
    for it), so add some t/ tests in Python.
3.  Since 'prove' needs to know what interpreter to run tests with,
    and since shebang lines and /usr/bin/env don't work on windows,
    we add the `runner.pl` script, intended to run on windows
    and execute .py, .pl and .t scripts according to their
    extension.

HACKING.md, after:


# Hacking on the source code

Recommended setup: create a venv directory, and activate it.

```
$ python3 -m venv env
$ . env/bin/activate
```

Then to install test dependencies and run pure Python tests:

```
$ python3 -m pip install -e ".[test]"
$ pytest pytwine tests
```

(Alternatively, `make test-python` should do all this and a bit more.)

##  Acceptance test prerequisites

The repository contains a number of Perl-based tests which install
and run pytwine in a temporary directory and emit
results in format expected by [TAP][tap] (the "Test Anything Protocol".)

[tap]: https://testanything.org/tap-specification.html

To run these tests, you'll need a version of Perl 5 installed, and the CPAN
libraries `Test::Harness` (which provides the `prove` command),
`Carp::Assert`. and `File::Which`.

On Windows, if you have Chocolatey installed, you can install these with:

```
choco install strawberryperl
curl -L https://cpanmin.us | perl - --sudo App::cpanminus
cpanm Carp::Assert;
cpanm Test::Harness;
cpanm File::Which;
```

On Debian or Ubuntu, you probably have Perl installed already;
and you can install the extra libraries with:

```
$ sudo apt-get install libcarp-assert-perl libfile-which-perl
```

(On MacOS, I have no idea what the appropriate commands are, but they
probably involve using `brew`.)

Run the acceptance tests with `make test-perl`.

## Getting help on `make` targets

Run

`make help`

## "out-of-source" tests

The Makefile should allow for "out-of-source" tests; you can `cd`
to some other directory, run `make -f /path/to/Makefile test`, and
it should still work. (Probably.)
